--Scripted

To move, you can use WASD or the arrow keys! What? What's a WASD or arrow keys? ...Don't worry. As long as the player gets it, we're fine.
I heard you can multiply by either "pressing ENTER, or X". I personally wouldn't enter my x again after accidentally multiplying once, but to each their own!


Did you know there are secret levels in The Amazing Gorgonzola? Yeah, you missed 'em all. You suck!
You missed [2-5] secret levels. Oops!
Hey, you missed a secret level. Bet you feel pretty silly.
Woah, you found all the secret levels on your first try! Good job!
Good job, you found all the secret levels. Thanks to me, of course!

--Random:

Have you ever? Me neither!
Don't you just hate pointless dialogue that leads to nothing?
Cheddar is better! Just saying!
I was gonna ask if your quest is even worth the trouble, but I remembered I would have come here without you anyways!
You won't get tired of my voice, will you?
Can I be honest for a moment? ........ Thanks.
It's a shame you can't fly like me, because you could have skipped about half the game!
Sorry for being so rude, you just don't understand how slow everything else feels when you can fly.
I don't have anything to say right now to be honest.
You smell! At least that's what I would assume. I don't have a nose.
Aw man, I think I may have left the oven on.
Just wanted to say hi!
I take it back, you don't smell! Still no nose, though, so I can't prove anything.
So let me get this straight. You are a magician named Gorgonzola, which is a type of cheese, and you are here trying to save your magic pet bunny named Pasghetti which is a common mispronunciation of "spaghetti"? Did you name your bunny after a food because you're also named after a food? Are you stupid and don't know how to say "spaghetti" correctly? He talks, doesn't he? Did he name himself instead? Did he name himself Pasghetti because he's a dumb animal that will never be smarter than a fifth grader? Why did your parents name you that? Did they even love you? Have you ever tried rabbit? I heard it tastes okay.
SPHINX OF BLACK QUARTZ JUDGE MY VOW
the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
What, was that weird? Okay. I'll just shut up then! You think you're so “cool” for calling me dumb. Well what if I told you I have 1,234,567,890 pixie points; about 30 dollars? :heart: :notes:
That's not enough to win you over? (Shucks...) :broken_heart:
Well, I'll just leave you alone now. :sparkles:
One last thing before I go, though. Here's my favorite word:

Fuddy-duddy
Noun
A person who is old-fashioned and fussy.
Since the moon's apparently made of cheese, wouldn't this be like a family reunion of sorts?
Maybe the real The Amazing Gorgonzola was the friends we made along the way.
Oh yeah, you can press space to jump. Did I already tell you that? Oops. I guess I forgot. Well, either way, I think we need some space. Get it?
Your taking too long!
My nose itches. Wait--I don't have a nose. Something itches.
Erm, what the Amazing?